soc: xtensa: add support for specifying the service port (#46972)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/xtensa/intel_adsp_cavs18/doc/generic_intel_adsp.rst

     https://github.com/thesofproject/rimage.

> How Remote Service works

Reviewer: Maybe I'm missing something, why do we have two separate docs, one for 15 and one for generic CAVS? Can we delete the 15 one or point it to the generic doc in 18?

Author: Thanks the suggestions! @laurenmurphyx64. I have another PR depending on this, so I will try to regular them after this PR.

              --config-dir [path to dir of .toml config file] \
              --key [path to signing key]

> Note: Sometimes you might have multiple network interfaces. In this case,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: the current server script has a design issue where it listens only to a random network interface. This can be a problem if you have multiple interfaces or want to use localhost, in this case....
```

if the cavstool.py cannot start with a correct IP for you, you can check
your IP address by "ip a" or "ifconfig" command, then specify correct the
IP address by:

.. code-block:: console

>    sudo ./cavstool.py -s 192.168.0.2

Reviewer 2: Why no support for `(INADDR_ANY, port)`? This would be so much simpler. Binding can be a nice security feature in complex network configurations but most DUTs will have a single interface which means zero security value.

https://docs.python.org/3/library/socket.html#socket-families

Author: Good suggestion, let me take a look, thanks!

Author: Hi @marc-hb , I would like to put this in the next update, (include what you suggested using the high level-api, might need some time, thanks!)

> 

Reviewer 2: In the future, the script will be fixed and will listen on all interfaces by default and this option will allow you to bind to a specific interface if you need to.

Author: very good suggestion, working on it.

Author: Added specifying a log port and req port for the cavs server:
```
cavstool.py -s {host}:{log port} --req-port {req port} 
OR 
cavstool.py -s {host} --log-port {log port} --req-port {req port}
```

.. code-block:: console

   west flash --remote-host {host}:{port} \
              --pty {host}:{port}\

> Ex.

Reviewer 3: https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/issues/48215#issuecomment-1193097630

Author: Thanks for your help. Got it fixed.

       - --rimage-tool=/home/user/sof/rimage/rimage
       - --config-dir=/home/user/sof/rimage/config/
       - --key=/home/user/sof/keys/otc_private_key_3k.pem

Get Service by Port
*******************

In some case, we might need to access the service of the CAVS server by

> specifying a port. There are two service working in the server:

Reviewer 2: Please make it clearer that the default values will work just fine for most people and that they can skip reading this very long section and extra overhead.

Author: Yes, updated it.

       - --rimage-tool=/home/user/sof/rimage/rimage
       - --config-dir=/home/user/sof/rimage/config/
       - --key=/home/user/sof/keys/otc_private_key_3k.pem

To run multiple boards does also work when specifying the ports.

Passing extra parameter to tools
********************************

For the log service tool and request service tool, we can pass
parameters to both them by the --run-opt and --log-opt. This is
for possible extending in the future. For example:

.. code-block:: console

   west flash --remote-host=192.168.0.1 --pty=192.168.0.1 \

>               --log-opt=--arg='white space' --log-opt='-r 12345'

Reviewer 2: Would this make more sense?

```suggestion
              --log-opt=--arg='white space' --log-opt=-r --log-opt=12345
```

Author: Yes, I think so too. Got it updated.
